A few linguistic suggested changes + some details (#370)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/reference/qfieldcloud/projects.en.md

## Secrets

Secrets are settings that are securely stored in encrypted way. Project jobs automatically have access to their secrets. Once added, a secret may be removed, but not edited.

There are two types of secrets:

- **Environment variables** - Environment variables will be available to QGIS while your project's jobs are running.
- **pgservice connection** - A PostgreSQL/PostGIS connection as defined in the <code>.pg_service.conf</code> configuration file. If you use multiple service definitions, you should add multiple secrets for each of them.

## Settings

> Project settings are available only to project owners and collaborators with elevated permissions (FIX ME: specify). _Settings_ should be handled carefully as users can modify sensitive project settings and perform unrecoverable actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project settings are available only to project owners and collaborators with "admin" roles. _Settings_ should be handled carefully as users can modify sensitive project settings and perform unrecoverable actions.
```

## Settings

> Project settings are available only to project owners and collaborators with elevated permissions (FIX ME: specify). _Settings_ should be handled carefully as users can modify sensitive project settings and perform unrecoverable actions.

Author: It should be ascertained which elevated permissions suffice.
